The client for this Capstone project was Dyspatch, a company located in Victoria with a history of sponsoring capstone projects. Their main products are an email production platform that aims to make creating enterprise email easier and faster by providing an API, editor, built in testing for devices, and an email template management system called Sendwithus. The sponsor for the project was Maryam Sheikh, the Engineering Manager at Dyspatch.

The production of email templates is a great value-generating task for Dyspatch. The templates can be used to demonstrate features to prospective clients, may have practical use to the company itself, and having examples to work from makes the creation of variants simpler both for Dyspatch and their clients. The work is technical enough that programming knowledge is a necessary asset. Unfortunately, experienced engineers have many tasks to do in a day and the production of email templates can be time consuming. The project aimed to solve this quandary by giving students the opportunity to do the work with oversight from Dyspatch’s professionals.

Our team, rather laconically named Team Dyspatch, was privileged to be selected by Dyspatch to create several email templates that demonstrate their product's unique capabilities. Dysapatch has been unfailiningly supportive and welcoming and provided us with not only oversight and instruction but also integrated us within their day-to-day processes, allowing us to experience how a professional team works.
